Data::RandomPerson - Generate people data to populate databases

This document refers to version 0.3 of Data::RandomPerson, released May 22nd, 2005

I had the need to create some random data for a demo database, this was to include
lots of fake client data. So as a way of not actually doing the job but working
quite hard I wrote this code to do the work for me.

I looked around and found some data to base my male, female and last names on 
and used that to pick from. Gender and age allows a title to be picked, no one 
has the title Dr under the age of 26 nor are girls under the age of 16 called 
anything but Miss.

If you want to use your own name lists look at Data::RandomPerson::Names::Male
and create your own class which you can pass in as part of the new() method on
Data::RandomPerson. Just look in the pod.

If you want to change the proabilities for gender (50:50 at present) or the
age distribution you will need to subclass Data::RandomPerson and supply
your own methods. Titles can be similarly changed although I have yet to 
find a source of data giving the titles by gender by age to make a more
realistic spread.

Additional names from Chris Pound's language machines page at http://www.ruf.rice.edu/~pound/#scripts
including: Ancient Greek female and male, Arabic female, male and last, Basque female and male, Celtic 
female and male, English female, male and last, Hindi female and male, Japanese female and male,
Latvian female and male, Modern Greek female, male and surnames, Spanish female, male and surnames,
Thai female and male and Viking female and male.

I have some other sources of data that I am looking into converting for
use with this module.

INSTALLATION

 % perl Makefile.PL
 % make
 % make test
 % sudo make install

TEST FAILURES

The tests are there to make sure that I have broken nothing when I
fiddle with the code and will teach you very little about how to use
the code. 

TO DO

Pretty much finished, unless there are some 'must have' features

BUGS

None so far

REQUIREMENTS

* Developed under 5.6.1 but should work on anything 5+.
* Written completely in Perl. XS is not required.

AUTHOR

Peter Hickman <peterhi@ntlworld.com>

Copyright (c) 2005, Peter Hickman. All rights reserved.

This module is free software. It may be used, redistributed and/or 
modified under the same terms as Perl itself.

CHANGES IN THIS RELEASE

V0.1:
      - First release to CPAN

V0.2:
	  - Spelling errors in the POD

V0.3
      - Added loads of new name data from Chris Pound's language machines
        page at http://www.ruf.rice.edu/~pound/#scripts

V0.4
	  - Just added a load of tests
